are you telling me that after seven
years together you still get aroused by
the same woman I do because we got the
kids I wanna speak to a manager I'd like
to complain about how hot the waitresses
are here you are not buying some 20-year
old broad a motorcycle this girl
seriously considering we are going to go
here
couple skill-building at 6:00 a.m. I
think there's a misunderstanding it we
signed up for the fun stuff
you either partake of the entire package
we'll have none of it a little bit of
talk about feelings how bad could it be
my husband got hot in this situation
it's time to get the gun and shoot some
fish I had Sharkey penetrate my skin
that's it maybe they're marking me for
later I don't know remove your mask you
watch their clothes on I don't have any
drawers is his junk up yeah how's the
party
thanks a lot for bringing me here the
problem island
would you prefer a male or female sir
what would you recommend more for like a
nurturing pampering motherly energy yeah
a man or a woman
so Joey do you have any problem areas I
hold a lot of tension on my upper thighs
I'm gonna shoot you in the head and
force him to say whether or not we're
gonna make it what would you say but
that ain't for holster this
allow me to put on something more proper
thank you now who is ready for their
yoga this just gets better and better
see as I gently go deeper and deeper
into a stretch
Fabio that's enough with the pulsating
fever couples retreat this is a great
way to stress I know I think I got it
now